# Hackathon
Problem Statement- A new E-commerce app is going live. To provide offers to different segments of customers they have tied up with different vendors and banking partners. Now they have lots of data but don't know how to provide the correct offers to the correct customers. We had to predict the columns Coupon Code and Payment Code. 





Approach- We had to predict the columns: Coupon Code and Payment Code, based on the data provided. The train dataset has different features corresponding to each Customer_id. We started by initially understanding the data by performing an Exploratory Data Analysis.Under payment_code we have 5 classes namely GPAY20, CITI10, APAY15, PAYTM25, HDFC20. We have made a countplot to count the number of customers falling under each class. Under Coupon_code, there are 7 classes namely CLOTH20, CLOTH15, FURN20, KIDS15, COSMETICS25, ELEC10, ELEC15. The countplot has given us the number of customers under each of these classes. Then we move on to treat for the null values. We have replaced the null values with the means.Moving onto the different features: We made a feature column ‘Volume’ by calculating Volume = length*breadth*height.                                                        We have also made a feature column ‘Order_To_Delivery_Time’ by subtracting the Delivery date from the order date.                                                                The Seller_id showed cardinality, so we dropped it. We have also indexed and therefore did not train on the customer_ids. Eventually, we calculate the feature’s importance using the Ginni Index. We find that the relatively important features are ‘Shipping Charge’, ‘price’, ‘transaction type’ and ‘order to delivery time’ with coefficients 0.13, 0.15, 0.21, 0.23 respectively. We utilise the Random Forrest Classifier algorithmic model to train 2 different models to predict the payment_code and coupon_code for each customer. Finally, we evaluate the recall scores on a test dataset put aside from the ‘train’ file itself. After evaluation we finally ran the model on the given ‘test’ dataset file and uploaded the predicted output in the given format.
